docs: update repo documentation to add controllers (#22)
aica-technology/component-template: README.md

executing `./initialize_templates.sh`. An interactive console UI will guide you through the necessary steps to populate
the directory. During this process, you may opt in/out to specific templates or types of components to generate.

In case you already ran the wizard, but are not happy with your selection, you may re-run it as if it was the first run.
**This will remove any files previously created through the wizard!**

If you select more than one packages during the wizard run, the wizard will generate a _collection_ of packages. You
will be asked for a collection name and the changes will be reflected in your `aica-package.toml`.

If you want to include even more ROS packages within your collection, create a new package folder under `source` and add
it to your `aica-package.toml` file under `[build.packages.name_of_new_package]` accordingly.

For the purposes of this README, we refer to both collection and (mono-)package outputs simply as "package". The only
differences between them are the adjustments specified in `aica-package.toml`; otherwise, no additional steps are

> required.

Author: @eeberhard added this just make sure it's mentioned explicitly at least once. I otherwise changed phrasing a bit to mention everything as `package`. I think the `collection` was already used where specifically needed

# AICA Package Template

> A software development kit for creating custom components and controllers for AICA applications.

Reviewer: I recommend we introduce what a package is and the difference between a mono-package and collection package, since it's referenced later. Keeping it brief so as not to duplicate too much of the formal docs pages, but still have enough to stand alone:

```suggestion
A software development kit for creating custom component and controller extensions for AICA applications.

Custom extensions are built and distributed in ROS 2 compatible packages with additional metadata for
the AICA System. When an AICA package contains multiple ROS 2 packages, it is referred to as a _collection_.
```

Full documentation for creating, testing and packaging custom components is available at
https://docs.aica.tech/docs/category/custom-components. A page for creating custom controller is coming soon.

> You will need to have Docker installed in order to develop or build your package (see
> [Docker installation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)), and to run the initialization wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) is required to initialize, develop and build your package.
```

## Create a custom package template repository

To create a package template, create a new repository in GitHub using this repository as a template.

![Use this template menu](docs/creation-1.png) ![Create new repository menu](docs/creation-2.png)

Alternatively, you can also clone this repository locally and create a new repository from it.

```bash

> git clone git@github.com:aica-technology/package-template.git my_collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone git@github.com:aica-technology/package-template.git my_package
```

```

## Running the package template wizard

When you first clone the template repository, no source will be populated. First, start the initialization wizard by
executing `./initialize_templates.sh`. An interactive console UI will guide you through the necessary steps to populate
the directory. During this process, you may opt in/out to specific templates or types of components to generate.

In case you already ran the wizard, but are not happy with your selection, you may re-run it as if it was the first run.

> This will remove any files previously created through the wizard.

Reviewer: If this is a destructive operation (i.e. if the wizard also removes files that have been edited post-initialization), then I recommend making this statement bold.
```suggestion
**This will remove any files previously created through the wizard!**
```

> If you select more than one packages during the wizard run, the wizard will generate a `collection` of packages. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select more than one packages during the wizard run, the wizard will generate a _collection_ of packages. You
```

executing `./initialize_templates.sh`. An interactive console UI will guide you through the necessary steps to populate
the directory. During this process, you may opt in/out to specific templates or types of components to generate.

In case you already ran the wizard, but are not happy with your selection, you may re-run it as if it was the first run.
This will remove any files previously created through the wizard.

If you select more than one packages during the wizard run, the wizard will generate a `collection` of packages. You
will be asked for a collection name and the changes will be reflected in your `aica-package.toml`.

If you want to include even more ROS packages within your collection, create a new package folder under `source` and add
it to your `aica-package.toml` file under `[build.packages.name_of_new_package]` accordingly.

## Configure the package development environment

This template uses a devContainer configuration ([`devcontainer.json`](./.devcontainer/devcontainer.json)) with base
AICA Docker images for a seamless integrated development experience.

> Using VSCode and the Dev Containers extension, after creating and renaming the templates, simply open the

Reviewer 2: Just "after running the wizard"?
